OK so now are we going to go with the six features later.
So we gonna basically look at this fact we are going to take the final model with six features and a
bird that's all good.
And remember I'm using this Euless method to do this than we are doing this prediction and all that
doing to somebody looking at the SKU out of just enough square calculating the odds squares call for
this data.
Now what we going to do is we're going to evaluate a final more and we're going to see that whether
this model is good or not.
So there are a few things we need to Nortel though.
What you're getting so should be kind of approximately near to zero so the distribution should be more
around zero.
Second thing is there should be not much sort of correlation between the predictors So we will see the
six Latimer's 16:00 guard.
They should not be too much of the correlation between them and the third thing is we will look at the
spread of the variance.
Basically a part we want to check.
Basically there's almost kind of safety feature but if we don't know about that you have to be worried
about this but this is a linear regression as.
What we do have.
Now look at this.
So when we plotted this erratum you can see that the value is more more or less kind of at zero.
In fact what we can do is we can see other plot which is Leiter's minus vibrate and you can see that
this is around zero and if we calculate the mean value does really tell us that we are coming around
minus 1:57 which is almost close to zero.
Because if you look at the whole distribution this minus 32 is not a very.
Time now for the two that we can see the distribution of this plot.
Now let's look at the multi-collinearity for that we can draw a heat map we can see that yes at some
places we do have of some sort of correlation but at the same time it's your call today because when
I tried to move it up it was increasing that distance.
So if you want to kind of maybe try removing some of the thing and can compromise with a little bit
of a distance.
But for now I can go with the 6 features and get tell to my company that OK.
You can probably use this Gollum's as the main predictor for the price.
So this is accordingly you can give the pricing part for it.
This is a very simple project on.
I would not even call it a project it's a simple case to me which I did it for a linear regression so
that you at least get up from starting to end without using PC on a bigger column that are set up to
solve something and come up with a model how to choose a better model from all the other models for
pure greed.
And we're also seeing the our fee kind of usage in this case.
But I want to give you an assignment here and you have to try with PC and this thing and see that folks.